Adds agent API dead man's switch content (#1376)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.5/reference/agent.md

_PRO TIP: You can use the agent API `/events` endpoint to create proxy entities by including a `proxy_entity_name` attribute within the `check` scope._

#### Creating a "dead man's switch"

The Sensu agent API in combination with check TTLs can be used to create what's commonly referred to as a "dead man's switch".
Outside of the software industry, a dead man's switch is a switch that is triggered automatically if a human operator becomes incapacitated (source: [Wikipedia][20]).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

However, Sensu is more interested in detecting silent failures than incapacitated human operators.

By using check TTLs, Sensu is able to set an expectation that a Sensu agent continues to publish results for a check at a regular interval.
If a Sensu agent fails to publish a check result and the check TTL expires, Sensu creates an alert to indicate the silent failure.
For more information on check TTLs, please refer to [the check attributes reference][14].

A great use case for the Sensu agent API is to create a dead man's switch to ensure that backup scripts continue to run successfully at regular intervals.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

If an external source sends a Sensu check result with a check TTL to the Sensu agent API, Sensu expects another check result from the same external source before the TTL expires.

> The following is an example of external check result input via the Sensu agent API using a check TTL to create a dead man's switch for MySQL backups. The example uses a check TTL of `25200` seconds (7 hours).

Reviewer: Seems like the example uses TTL `60`

Author: Crap. Reverted in the latest

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A MySQL backup script using the following code would be expected to continue to send a check result at least once every 7 hours or Sensu creates an alert to indicate the silent failure.

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -X POST \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
  "check": {
    "metadata": {
      "name": "check-mysql-backup-status"
    },
    "status": 0,
    "output": "backed up mysql successfully | size_mb=568",
    "ttl": 60
  }
}' \
http://127.0.0.1:3031/events
{{< /highlight >}}

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -X POST \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
  "check": {
    "metadata": {
      "name": "check-mysql-backup-status"
    },
    "status": 1,
    "output": "failed to backup mysql",
    "ttl": 60
  }
}' \
http://127.0.0.1:3031/events

> {{< /highlight >}}

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused by this second example. Shouldn't Sensu generate the failing event automatically?

Author: So as I understand it from the previous example with this, the example is just referring to a mysql backup script that would emit something like the script failed. The failing event would be that the script doesn't report back.

_PRO TIP: You can use the agent API `/events` endpoint to create proxy entities by including a `proxy_entity_name` attribute within the `check` scope._

#### Detecting silent failures

You can use the Sensu agent API in combination with the check time-to-live attribute (TTL) to detect silent failures, creating what's commonly referred to as a "dead man's switch" (source: [Wikipedia][20]).

> By using check TTLs, Sensu is able to set an expectation that a Sensu agent continues to publish events for a check at a regular interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By using check TTLs, Sensu is able to set an expectation that a Sensu agent will publish additional events for a check within the period of time specified by the TTL attribute.
```

> If a Sensu agent fails to publish an event and the check TTL expires, Sensu creates a event with a status of `1` (warning) to indicate the silent failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a Sensu agent fails to publish an event before the check TTL expires, the Sensu backend creates an event with a status of `1` (warning) to indicate the expected event was not received.
```

For more information on check TTLs, see the [the check reference][44].

> A great use case for the Sensu agent API is to create a dead man's switch to ensure that backup scripts continue to run successfully at regular intervals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A great use case for the Sensu agent API is to enable tasks which run outside of Sensu's check scheduling to emit events. Using the check TTL attribute, these events create a dead man's switch, ensuring that if the task fails for any reason, the lack of an "all clear" event from the task will notify operators of a silent failures which might otherwise be missed.
```

If an external source sends a Sensu event with a check TTL to the Sensu agent API, Sensu expects another event from the same external source before the TTL expires.

> The following is an example of external event input via the Sensu agent API using a check TTL to create a dead man's switch for MySQL backups. The example uses a check TTL of `25200` seconds (7 hours).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example of external event input via the Sensu agent API using a check TTL to create a dead man's switch for MySQL backups.
```

> A MySQL backup script using the following code would be expected to continue to send an event at least once every 7 hours or Sensu creates an alert to indicate the silent failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Imagine that a MySQL backup script runs periodically, and that we expect the job to take a little less than 7 hours to complete. In the case where the job completes successfully, we'd like a record of it, but don't need to be alerted. If the job fails for some reason, or continues running past the expected 7 hours, we'd like to be alerted.  Using the following code, our script sends an event which tells the Sensu backend to expect an additional event with the same name within 7 hours of the first event.
```

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -X POST \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
  "check": {
    "metadata": {

>       "name": "check-mysql-backup-status"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "name": "mysql-backup-job"
```

    },
    "status": 0,

>     "output": "backed up mysql successfully | size_mb=568",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "output": "mysql backup initiated",
```

    "ttl": 25200
  }
}' \
http://127.0.0.1:3031/events
{{< /highlight >}}

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

With this initial event submitted to the Agent API, we have recorded in the backend that our script started, and configured the dead man's switch so that we'll be alerted if the job fails or runs too long. Although it is possible for our script to gracefully handle errors and emit additional monitoring events, this approach allows us to worry less about handling every possible error case, as the lack of additional check result before the 7 hour period elapses will result in an alert.

If our backup script runs successfully, we can send an additional event without the TTL attribute, which removes the dead man's switch:

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -X POST \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
  "check": {
    "metadata": {
      "name": "mysql-backup-job"
    },
    "status": 0,
    "output": "mysql backup ran successfully!"
  }
}' \
http://127.0.0.1:3031/events
{{< /highlight >}}

By omitting the TTL attribute from this event, the dead man's switch being monitored by the Sensu backend is also removed, effectively sounding the "all clear" for this iteration of the task.
```

_PRO TIP: You can use the agent API `/events` endpoint to create proxy entities by including a `proxy_entity_name` attribute within the `check` scope._

#### Detecting silent failures

You can use the Sensu agent API in combination with the check time-to-live attribute (TTL) to detect silent failures, creating what's commonly referred to as a "dead man's switch" (source: [Wikipedia][20]).
By using check TTLs, Sensu is able to set an expectation that a Sensu agent will publish additional events for a check within the period of time specified by the TTL attribute.
If a Sensu agent fails to publish an event before the check TTL expires, the Sensu backend creates an event with a status of `1` (warning) to indicate the expected event was not received.
For more information on check TTLs, see the [the check reference][44].

> A great use case for the Sensu agent API is to enable tasks which run outside of Sensu's check scheduling to emit events. Using the check TTL attribute, these events create a dead man's switch, ensuring that if the task fails for any reason, the lack of an "all clear" event from the task will notify operators of a silent failures which might otherwise be missed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A great use case for the Sensu agent API is to enable tasks which run outside of Sensu's check scheduling to emit events. Using the check TTL attribute, these events create a dead man's switch, ensuring that if the task fails for any reason, the lack of an "all clear" event from the task notifies operators of a silent failure which might otherwise be missed.
```

If an external source sends a Sensu event with a check TTL to the Sensu agent API, Sensu expects another event from the same external source before the TTL expires.

The following is an example of external event input via the Sensu agent API using a check TTL to create a dead man's switch for MySQL backups.

> Imagine that a MySQL backup script runs periodically, and that we expect the job to take a little less than 7 hours to complete. In the case where the job completes successfully, we'd like a record of it, but don't need to be alerted. If the job fails for some reason, or continues running past the expected 7 hours, we'd like to be alerted.  Using the following code, our script sends an event which tells the Sensu backend to expect an additional event with the same name within 7 hours of the first event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we assume that a MySQL backup script runs periodically and that we expect the job to take a little less than 7 hours to complete, in the case where the job completes successfully, we'd like a record of it but don't need to be alerted. If the job fails for some reason, or continues running past the expected 7 hours, we'd like to be alerted. In the following example, the script sends an event which tells the Sensu backend to expect an additional event with the same name within 7 hours of the first event.
```

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -X POST \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
  "check": {
    "metadata": {
      "name": "mysql-backup-job"
    },
    "status": 0,
    "output": "mysql backup initiated",
    "ttl": 25200
  }
}' \
http://127.0.0.1:3031/events
{{< /highlight >}}

> With this initial event submitted to the Agent API, we have recorded in the backend that our script started, and configured the dead man's switch so that we'll be alerted if the job fails or runs too long. Although it is possible for our script to gracefully handle errors and emit additional monitoring events, this approach allows us to worry less about handling every possible error case, as the lack of additional check result before the 7 hour period elapses will result in an alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this initial event submitted to the agent API, we have recorded in the Sensu backend that our script started, and we've configured the dead man's switch so that we'll be alerted if the job fails or runs too long. Although it is possible for our script to handle errors gracefully and emit additional monitoring events, this approach allows us to worry less about handling every possible error case, as the lack of additional events before the 7 hour period elapses results in an alert.
```

If our backup script runs successfully, we can send an additional event without the TTL attribute, which removes the dead man's switch:

{{< highlight shell >}}
curl -X POST \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
  "check": {
    "metadata": {
      "name": "mysql-backup-job"
    },
    "status": 0,
    "output": "mysql backup ran successfully!"
  }
}' \
http://127.0.0.1:3031/events
{{< /highlight >}}

> By omitting the TTL attribute from this event, the dead man's switch being monitored by the Sensu backend is also removed, effectively sounding the "all clear" for this iteration of the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By omitting the TTL attribute from this event, the dead man's switch being monitored by the Sensu backend is also removed, effectively sounding the "all clear" for this iteration of the task.

```
